/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_20june2026_p1.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 22_JUNE_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

The following content consists of karbytes-performed transcriptions of videos which karbytes made on the first two days of its official karbytes summer 2026 hiatus.

* * *

VIDEO_0: karbytes_thinking_19june2026_p0.mp4

video_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_68/main/karbytes_thinking_19june2026_p0.mp4

video_transcription:

I was thinking that a possible interpretation of the Official First KARBYTES Hiatus which is occuring during the summer of 2026 is that a part of karbytes doesn’t actually come back from that hiatus…and instead what happens is a new karbytes emerges during that time…and what happens to be a higher-level karbytes.

I tried to say this before in dictation mode until I noticed that there’s no cellular signal out here. So, anyway, I’m trying to replicate what the input sounded like…So, given what I said, it’s like an asymptote. So what happened is, up until a certain point in time, the old karbytes puts out a poster saying, anouncing that, it’s the new karbytes, or the official KARBYTES 2026 hiatus, the first hiatus I apparently ever took which is supposed to go on until at least Fourth of July this year, 2026.

And that seems like a reasonable amount of time to take a break from updating the canon KARBYTES, and I thought I would go ahead and make some kind of hidden repository somewhere on the web. It’s public so I can keep updating things and testing it on the public web. I thought I’d save myself the trouble of simply updating the current open micro-directory of the canon KARBYTES…which is color-coded to indicate, in lavender instead of green, that it’s open to continued changes.

And usually that’s just the addition of files. I don’t typically like to edit files once they’re officially in their finalized state.

So files that keep getting updated until their micro-directory is deemed to be finalized are things like the updates log which logs the time at which a specific section of KARBYTES was updated…the main site.

The secondary site, which I used to call the primary site, is named Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com. That site I use as kind of like a front for the bigger back rooms of KARBYTES. So the front room is a storefront basically which is “selling” something that’s open source.

Basically what my brand is (and you can go on and on about what my brand is)…but, yeah, it represents digitization of…my experience and what I am is a unique allocation of nature which I define as having attributes of my particular human genome and the fact that I authored those two websites which I call KARBYTES in all capital letters. Those two websites are Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com (which is deemed to be in its finalized state) and the other website which is Karbytes For Life [Blog] dot WordPress dot Com (and that is deemed to be open to changes for as long as I am living…basically).

According to things I’ve generated today (in text form (while hiking through The Big Green Thing from Castro Valley to San Ramon))…

I somehow have over thirty minutes left of usable memory to make this video. That’s very odd. Connecting back to the other day…how long can this go on for? It’s only just four minutes. I’ve recorded longer than this playing the drums. I had no problem compressing it down to twenty five gigs [replace gigs (i.e. gigabytes) with megabytes]. If I have to I’ll just cut it into multiple pieces. I don’t think I’ll have to do that.

I can test that right now today without any Internet connection because I have an app on my phone which compresses video files into twenty five megabytes or less because that’s the limit for the uploads according to my current GitHub configurations. I don’t want to mess around with the command line. I’d rather just do things through the GUI [i.e. Graphical User Interface] instead…unless there’s a good reason to do otherwise.

So generally all of my tech-related activities are just hobbies. I’m not necessarily trying to get a job at this time doing tech things. Instead, I’m planning on just taking some kind of simple brainless job that is kind of easy for me to do so that I can have the funds to continue to subsidize the my cost of living and fund my own projects.

That’s what I plan on doing. So I’m waiting until the holidays to seriously start applying for those seasonal to more permanent position type jobs because I know there’s a kind of process to how they work…and I think I have a good shot at getting lucky this time. It’s all a matter of just punctuality and having my shit together, or so…as long as I can do that there’s no problem with me being able to balance all this.

* * *

VIDEO_1: karbytes_thinking_19june2026_p1.mp4

video_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_68/main/karbytes_thinking_19june2026_p1.mp4

video_transcription:

It was suggested to me by me that I say that I am celibate intrapersonally…I mean INTERpersonally, but not necessarily INTRApersonally because I only have sex with me…because “celibate” isn’t really…I mean “abstinence” isn’t really a term I apply to myself. It sounds like wearing a diaper. I don’t consider myself to be that repressed.

* * *

VIDEO_2: karbytes_thinking_19june2026_p2.mp4

video_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_68/main/karbytes_thinking_19june2026_p2.mp4

video_transcription:

Alright! It is approximately 8:30, 8:40, 9PM-ish on the 19th of June 2026. I’m on Ramage Peak at the moment. I wanted to follow up with the thoughts I made a video of earlier today. I said that I wanted to…uh…put today’s hiatus-generated files onto the latest open micro-directory of the canon KARBYTES, as in update the canon KARBYTES later on perhaps when I get back home after hiking through the dark along Ramage Peak Trail.

I could also do it on my phone…well, not really as easily because there’s checksums. I have to run Python scripts and all that. So I would need my laptop if I want to integrate it into the canon KARBYTES completely. Otherwise, it’s not gonna be on the canon KARBYTES. Instead, it will be in @informationcrystals.

I think earlier I said it might be in some other newly-created public GitHub repository on some other newly-created GitHub account.

But I have enough accounts already. So I’m just using @informationcrystals at the moment to stage the latest files which have been created during this very special hiatus period which began basically at midnight today or the end of the day yesterday which was 11PM [replace 11PM with 11:59PM] Pacific Standard Time on the 18th of June 2026.

So I wouldn’t want to break the hiatus too much. I would like to keep this @informationcrystals repository [which is a public GitHub repository named projects] growing and growing.

As long as I’m saving those files to the WayBack Machine and periodically backing them up to local devices then I don’t think there’s really a problem with me continuing to do that until after Fourth of July so that it looks like there’s an actual break in what @karlinarayberinger GitHub account is doing and what @karbytessupporter GitHub account is doing.

So those two accounts are supposed to look like they’re not making more commits during that hiatus period while @informationcrystals is making commits during that hiatus period.

But those commits are happening inside of a public GitHub repository named projects which will eventually be turned private and renamed so that a new projects repository replaces it with no commit history inside of it because all those files will be downloaded and eventually incorporated into the canon KARBYTES.

So that’s what happens. Every time I incorporate the files in @informationcrystals into the canon KARBYTES I always make a new projects repository so it’s very seamless.

I don’t really allow there to be too much of a temporal gap between the steps. I try to make it look like it kind of just happened instantly. So really it’s just compressing the total number of commits down to a small size instead of having it be the full size.

So I’m hiding some of the commit history just for the fun of it; for the sake of adding more layers of intricacy to it in terms of privacy or the simulation thereof. So really it’s about who’s pay attention every little minute change going on in my own digital footprint on the web.

So I think the machines can totally eventually keep track of all that in precise detail and know every little thing going on whether I intend it or not because I think I’m just unintentionally updating my profile on some giant surveillance network that I will probably never have access to or be told about because it’s probably government level. It’s probably maybe only parsed through by machines instead of by humans because it is just too much data for humans to personally waste their time going through because there will probably be an account like that for everybody eventually.

Anyway, yeah that’s just to keep my total number of commits as small as possible in terms of overall all the activity I do on GitHub.

I do have private GitHub repositories which happen to have content on it I never want to share with the public because it just goes on and on about personal problems which kind of sounds repetitive and low-brow compared to the other things I’m trying to showcase.

So it’s difficult for me to keep everything very clean. I’m trying to make it authentic and show what a real hiatus feels like. I try to dictate a lot to GitHub, I mean to ChatGPT, but oftentimes it cuts me off when I’m taking a pause so if it seems like I’m rushing my words partly is because of that and also because I’m a little bit high on shrooms. And that’s just the way it is.

So yeah, I have 21 minutes left of video recording capacity memory storage on this phone. So it does have to do with me deleting things and then turning off the phone. I don’t know why all of a sudden all that memory appeared. It seems that I have more content on my phone than when I apparently only had five minutes of recording time the other day which I think was the 17th of June 2026. I was complaining about not having enough capacity to record videos because the phone said that it was running out of memory even though I deleted a bunch of files that were apparently taking up gigabytes worth of memory. And apparently they were deleted.

Maybe it took a while for the phone to actually literally delete those files from its system. Maybe I just couldn’t see those files and it was lying to me that they were gone. That’s just how technology is. Sometimes things are rigged just to be mean on purpose.

Now I’m trying not to get too worried about things. I’m just trying to maintain my own part of the web which is KARBYTES. So I’m the person behind KARBYTES. It’s a one-person thing and it’s kind of part of my body and my mind. It’s what makes me a cyborg essentially.

But there’s other things which make me a cyborg as well. I do think there might be nanobots inside my body right now, and probably everyone’s body if that’s the case which record information and maybe to some extent influence people without them knowing it perhaps.

I think what’s going on with me is there’s some kind of device inside my skull somewhere or maybe in my throat. It’s probably scanning my brain activity or at least scanning nerve activity and deciphering what I could be thinking based on maybe things like subvocal recognition through facial muscle twitches that are very tiny; microscopic in size, but, maybe not microscopic; just the electrons themselves going down those nerve fibers enough to stimulate the electrodes which…they might be implanted inside me without me knowing it…all kinds of things like that. I could go on and on. I’m just curious about how this thing could be running for so long.

I don’t even know if it’s in my head at all. It could be some kind of external thing going on. There could be a bunch of hidden drones around me which are bombarding me with invisible signals. I could go on and on about this…and create this feeling of I hear things that other people don’t hear but apparently sometimes they hear it too.

So, what’s going on? Maybe there’s some kind of higher-dimensional interference going on for all I know. Maybe people are using their abilities to hack the matrix to do seemingly physically impossible things like telepathy for all I know.

I’m open minded and hope to find out more about how reality really works. Well, right now my focus is getting back to Castro Valley safely tonight through the dark. I’m really not all that worried. I do worry about mountain lions. I’m really not that worried myself. I don’t think it’s really likely I’m going to get attacked by a mountain lion especially if I play loud music and have a bright light and don’t stop; don’t crouch or anything; and don’t run; don’t look like a deer.

I know. It’s kind of knowledge I’ve thought about plenty already. I don’t want to keep reiterating it. Yeah, bad things can happen. It’s a gamble, of course, but no need to have to dwell on the bad unless I’m forced to anyway.

Alright, wow/well, it’s a very “me, me, me” adventure…and I expect tomorrow to be as well. So tomorrow I hope to have another nice time in The Big Green Thing but this time I’ll probably get an earlier start than I did today because today I kind of slept in a bit because I stayed up late working on making M_DISCs and talking to ChatGPT and I was just kind of busy. So, I was kind of tired.

So this time I’ll be busy working on…not as many things; just maybe curating the ChatGPT transcripts that I made today and being careful not to overshare. Maybe I’ll be censoring some of the content. Maybe not. It all depends on what cosmic intelligence compells me to do.

It doesn’t seem like anything all that mystical. It’s just the way this machine of a universe works. So…I’m just doing my part in that machine. There’s some sensical activity going on.

I was just thinking about today you could zoom in on any part in that machine and see it’s very complicated…and gets more and more complicated.

Well, I’d rather just focus on my own allocation since that is what I’ve invested in thus far. It just seems to be my only options.

I’m not trying to be overly limited to just myself. I understand that I’m part of the larger society and all that, but really, I’ve already talked about that plenty and my goal is just to kind of stay naturalistic and apolitical and basically as unopinionated as I can be except for things that don’t have anything to do with politics or other so-called sensitive domains which offend people and cause them to not get along. But maybe there’s no such thing.

So, in the end, I’m just gonna say what I say. I’m just a philosopher throwing things out there to see what happens. A lot of this is experimental and spontaneous.

* * *

VIDEO_3: karbytes_enters_onion_server_room_20june2026_p0.mp4

video_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_68/main/karbytes_enters_onion_server_room_20june2026_p0.mp4

video_transcription:

[Video playing on laptop: “Blackened…get more parts for the machine.”]

Confirmed karbytes is back from The Big Green Thing.

My feet are sore. It was a very long walk.

* * *

VIDEO_4: karbytes_enters_bart_train_20june2026_p0.mp4

video_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_68/main/karbytes_enters_bart_train_20june2026_p0.mp4

video_transcription:

This is Castro Valley BART Station [and BART is an abbreviation for Bay Area Rapid Transit and is an electric train system which spans the San Francisco Bay Area in northern California of the United States and has been in operationg since the 1970s].

I’m going to Dublin to do some errands.
